Community messaging update (#23)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/security/security.adoc

= Overview

This section describes how to deal with known or unknown security issues and
common vulnerabilities and exploits (CVEs) related to Payara Server Community and
Payara Micro Community.

[[download-security-fixes]]
== Security Fixes

> Reported security vulnerabilities by the Community or Payara Services Limited's costumers are patched and released in a future release. For Payara Platform Enterprise Edition, this is always the next release. Only critical security issues will be updated in the next Community Version and issues of other severity might be fixed later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security vulnerabilities reported by the user community or customers of Payara Services Ltd are patched and released in a future release. For Payara Platform Enterprise Edition, this is always the next release. Only critical security issues will likely be updated in the next Community Version and less severe issues might be fixed later on according to the time availability.
```

Reviewer: The user community should be with a lowercase "c" so that it's not confused with Payara Community edition.
